Roswaal Manor.
And more importantly—
Sister, Sister. Our Dear Guest appears to be slow to wake.
Rem, Rem. Our Dear Guest seems to be slow in the head for his age.
The twin sisters were clasping the others hands, their eyes side by side as
they looked at Subaru from the foot of the bed.
They wore little black dresses with white aprons on the front. Both had
dazzling white lace headpieces on top of their short bob hairstyles, one with
pink hair, the other with blue. Their faces were young and lovely.
They were the maids who took care of the mansion, and also the reason
Subaru had made his Return by Death.
Subarus heart shuddered at hearing their familiar voices speaking in
familiar ways, during what would be the fifth round of meeting them for the
first time.
He had a mountain of things he wanted to ask. But he felt like something
was lodged in his throat; the words wouldnt come out.
Seeing Rem alive and well, while Ram behaved with her typical rudeness,
everything felt so ordinary and natural that it was hard for Subaru to keep his
emotions down.
Dear Guest, Dear Guest. Is something wrong? Are you unwell?
Dear Guest, Dear Guest. Are you sick? Perhaps a chronic illness?
Subaru put a hand on his chest and lowered his head before the
bewildered twins.
The maids went to one side of the bed and separated slightly, reaching out
with one small palm each as if to touch Subaru from both sides.
Those hands—
Let me borrow those for a sec.
Eh?
Ah.
Subaru, not waiting for them to say yes, grasped their hands, entwining
his fingers into theirs.
With the sisters frozen in surprise, he got a good feel for their slender
fingers and the warmth of their palms.
Yeah, I knew it… Theres no mistaking it.
Subaru remembered the feel of their hands and how their warmth had
saved him in his time of need.
https://mp4directs.com
He wasnt wrong about what had given him the determination to throw
himself off that cliff.
Both pulled their hands back and poured scorn on Subarus rude, insolent
behavior.
No, Dear Guest. You are surely mistaken. About everything.
No, Dear Guest. It was surely a mistake that you were born.
But Subaru nodded as if even those cruel words were music that refreshed
his soul.
All things considered, I probably shouldnt smile at that…but right now,
it feels good.
Sister, Sister. Might Dear Guest actually enjoy being insulted?
Rem, Rem. Might Dear Guest be a perverted masochist?
These were odd accusations to throw at a Dear Guest so quickly, but he
smiled and let them slide.
If it meant he could really do things over with the two of them, everything
else was unimportant.
Faced with an attitude that was less caution and more blatant, visceral
distaste, Subaru hopped off the bed. He pressed a hand to his butt as he
double-checked his bodys condition before turning toward their two
suspicious faces.
Sorry for doing that earlier without even saying hi. Theres something I
want to say beyond apologizing, though.
Subaru crossed his arms, dramatically puffed his chest, and sat back
down, directly facing Ram and Rem. Feeling the rather sharp gazes that both
trained upon him, Subaru absentmindedly mused, Theyre probably already
starting to assess me.
If Subaru Natsuki could not win their trust, indeed, the trust of everyone
under the mansions roof, he could not hope to regain the peaceful, tranquil
time he had lost.